Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
- Hey. Marcus, welcome.
- Hello. Good to see you, Freddy.
- Good to see you too, man.
- Thank you for having me.
Thanks for coming.
- You live in the city, right?
- Yeah, I live in Soho still.
I have not been out here
in a very, very long time.
- I had an old friend that lived...
- Welcome. This is home.
- It's a jungle.
- I know, right?
It's my boyfriend's obsession.
He gets one every other day.
Yeah, you want some coffee, water?
- Water. Water would be great.
- Okay.
- Here.
- Nice yard. Thank you.
This is my cat, Sula.
I'm a little allergic.
- Oh, sorry.
- No, no, no. It's okay.
Sula.
So, yeah, now, like,
this is where I live and work.
- I don't really...
- Jennifer.
- Oh, yeah. Jennifer Aniston.
- You're a fan?
No. Come on, it's a joke.
She looks so beige.
- She is beige.
- Right? She looks like bread.
Yes, and I was telling you
I don't need that much space anymore...
- ...so that's why...
- God. What space, Freddy.
Look what you can do with space.
There you are.
And where are you going?
What are you doing going into video?
- No, but it's not like an extreme decision.
- What is this?
I just... When you told me
about this group show, it just felt...
kind of like a great opportunity
to explore that subject.
Tell me why is Dirty Baby right
for identity and heritage?
- Why? How?
- It's Nasty Baby.
Nasty Baby. Oh, that's much better.
- It's better, right?
- Much better.
- Yeah.
- It's more catchy, but I feel that...
So I've been trying to make a baby...
with my best friend
for the last six months.
And so since we start
I've been obsessed with the idea...
that there's gonna be a creature
that resembles me...
and is made out of my genes.
And, like, it's...
It's such a selfish act...
to keep making babies.
There's many you can adopt.
But you want it.
- Now I want to. Now I want to.
- You want it.
And then I feel so guilty about it
that I feel that I need to pay a price.
And the price is to go through
the embarrassment...
- ...of me portraying a 3-month-old baby.
- I love that one.
Yeah, so these are pictures of me...
- ...when I was a baby.
- That's you?
When I was a nasty baby.
Yeah, like, go back to this time,
you know...
and portray
this sort of, like, gross cuteness.
Tell me, if we were to...
If you were done...
and we were pulling up tomorrow
to load in at this show, what am I seeing?
So I'll be fully naked...
- ...against a black background.
- Okay.
Like a black infinite background,
performing...
I can show you. It's really embarrassing.
It's part of...
- You wanna get ready, or...?
- No, no, no.
No, I'm not gonna get naked now.
Yeah, but I'll show you how it is.
- I'm ready.
- Okay, I'm ready too.
You're never ready for this, but...
Okay, so basically...
Okay, imagine
if black infinite background...
no music at all, super raw.
And then, on video,
doing something like this:
Put your left hand up. Left hand.
- How you doing?
- Fine.
- How's your camel toe hanging?
- It's good.
How's your loose butthole?
You got it.
- There's no place...
- You do...
Here. This one's so easy.
- Yes!
- Oh, my God!
Yeah!
- You're almost there.
- Yeah!
Wait.
I have to touch it. I have to touch it.
You guys had a clearing?
I'm so proud of you.
I'm so...
Be careful.
Mom, look. Mom.
Shit.
I'm getting better now.
I had this meeting with this gallery,
and I promise this is what I showed him.
I was, like, rolling around
like a disgusting baby.
Funny, right?
It's funny.
I just got an e-mail from my doctor.
Your sperm count is lower than we thought.
- So...
- Oh, no.
It's not gonna work.
It's kind of why it hasn't been working.
- I know. I'm sorry.
- It sucks.
- No, it's...
- I'm sorry I wasted your time.
We tried like five months
with my lousy semen.
It's not lousy, it's just not...
- Low. Low.
- It's just low.
So, yeah. Now we just have to try
to figure out the next step...
- What is the next step, though?
- Your brother? I'm just kidding.
Chino? That's gross.
- Because he's young, maybe his...
- Yeah, amazing cum.
What about Mo?
Mo is... It's always been an option.
I mean, like, he knows.
He's waiting for the results too.
Yeah. So you'll talk to him?
Yeah, I'll talk to him.
Today?
- Today? Yeah.
- Yeah.
I just wanna get it done.
I wanna keep moving.
- Try for the next time you're ovulating?
- Yeah, why not?
Oh, boy.
I'm gonna go change.
Should we, like, leave?
- Yeah, let's go.
- Okay.
- I can't get out. I can't get out.
- What do you mean? What?
Oh, my gosh. Freddy, please, help me!
Oh, sorry, no, I was just kidding.
- I know.
- Oh, baby, I'm sorry.
I know. It's okay.
I don't wanna cry over it.
It just, like...
So, basically, Polly said
that if you could...
If you could decide soon whether
you wanna be the next sperm donor...
How...? How soon?
- She said tonight, but she didn't...
- She said tonight?
Tonight that I ask you,
not that we tell her.
Whatever. I think she wants to do it
before the next ovulation period...
which is within two weeks. Is that crazy?
Is this...?
Why are you feeling so hesitant?
I don't feel hesitant. It's not...
I'm not against it, against...
- I just don't wanna be rushed.
- It'd be amazing if you could.
Some people can't.
I have to think about it, but...
And I will tell her maybe...
- Tell her to...
- Before she ovulates again?
- Tell her that she will ovulate again.
- She...
- Eventually.
- Eventually. It's not...
- I know, I know. I know.
- Yo, Cor.
- Hey.
- How are you?
May I ask you how much
the three ivies in the front are?
Those are 25.
Twenty-five, all three of them?
The one on the end?
Oh, it's so painful.
It's so painful. Look at them, dude.
- I've been one of those couples.
- Really? Complaining about food?
- Just, like, the awkward dinner shit.
- The super silent, like...
Never bring me here again.
Oh, no, I wanna rescue
that poor woman, dude.
Dude, this plant is heavy.
Why am I carrying it?
- You're so strong.
- Thank you, baby.
You got it.
Hey, Richard.
- Help is here.
- Let us do it. Let us do it.
Wait a second.
Did you see that guy going up the street?
- What guy?
- That... What guy?
That miserable bastard.
- He's some kind of homeless person.
- What happened?
I don't wanna get into it.
He bullshitted me out of a dollar.
- Just now?
- Yes, just when I parked.
He pretended to be helping me,
and that was all bullshit.
If you help me get the apples
out of the vehicle...
I will give you a wonderful libation
when we get inside.
- Can I just put these here?
- Anywhere you can.
I appreciate your help. Freddy.
- Hank, go inside, go inside.
- Where'd you go?
I was lugging the bags. Babe, your plant.
I'm going to make us gin and tonic.
One, one.
"Mayor of Adelphi Street"?
Yes. The mayor of Adelphi Street.
- I could've been the governor.
- Fritz looks really cute in this picture.
- He was a beautiful, beautiful man.
- Did you see this?
Let me give you a little squeeze.
You'll like it. Here's another.
Thank you.
Go ahead. Here's yours.
Okay.
And let's drink to your future, guys.
- I'm an old guy. I have a past.
- Cheers. Yes, you do.
- To my past.
- Right there, framed.
- Cheers.
- I'm the Ghost of Christmas Past.
- Yes, you are.
What are you doing?
- Oh, shit.
- What the fuck?!
- Sorry, sorry, sorry.
- Get out!
Get out.
- What the fuck are you doing here?
- I was just shaving.
Why the fuck does he have keys
to the house?
Well, because we'd agreed
that that was a good idea.
Dude, you need to let us know
when you are coming.
Just shaving. I came for my guitar.
Can I finish in your room?
Okay, but clean up.
Okay.
- Sorry, brother.
- It's okay, next time just tell us.
It's your mom. Picking up.
Cecilia.
Yeah, it's me.
Yeah, not so good.
Yeah, I found out
I'm not gonna be able to be a dad.
Yeah, I know. Yeah, exactly.
Why don't you help me?
Babe, your mom wants to talk to you
no matter what.
Sorry, guys.
Say hi to Polly.
See you.
Hi, Mama.
I'm good. How are you?
Yeah.
Yeah, it was sad. He's sad about it.
Oh, no, I haven't decided anything yet.
She's more of Freddy's friend,
you know, than mine.
Yeah.
Well, I'm gonna take the test.
Yeah, just to see if... Just to see.
- Hi.
- Guess what, amiga.
Mo said yes.
What?
- Really? He said yes?
- Yeah, he wants to...
I didn't say yes.
- Just tell her.
- Hey, Polly.
So...
Yeah, so you're gonna do it?
Is that...? Is that right?
- I'll definitely go for the test, yeah.
- Oh, the sample. Okay, yeah.
Great. Thank you. That's...
Tomorrow, is tomorrow good? Let's...
Should we just do it tomorrow?
Yeah, meet me at the clinic in Fulton.
Okay, you know what? I have to run
because Chino's here. Okay.
- Hi.
- Hello there.
- Come on in.
- Thank you.
- Sorry.
- It's all right.
True love will find you in the end
- So this is G. You know it, right?
- G. Yeah, I think so.
And you'll find out Just who's your friend
- It's confusing.
- Oh, this is G now.
Okay.
I wish I could get you pregnant.
It'd be so easy.
You'd look so cute too.
That's what you want?
- That's gross. Maybe not.
- That's... Yes. Disgusting.
That's kind of gross, yeah.
Turn the light off, get some rest.
Yeah, I'm not even reading, dude.
Dude, what the fuck?
What?
What are you doing, man?
- Hey, dude!
- Freddy.
- What? Dude, it's 7 in the morning.
- Yeah, exactly.
The fuck. Dude, it's 7 in the morning.
That shit's not even legal!
Hey!
Fuck, man.
Just put your ear plugs in.
Fuck, I don't have any left.
Motherfucker!
- Baby, just breathe.
- Yeah, I know. I know.
This is an opportunity.
Just use this as an opportunity
to calm down.
Okay, I know, I know, I know.
You're gonna drive yourself fucking crazy.
- Come on, it's a joke.
- I talked to him.
- He's gonna feel pressured.
- Making a big deal.
- It's funny.
- He's gonna feel pressured.
That's okay. Excuse me.
She wants to take a picture
with me and Arthur, you mind?
- It's gonna be quick.
- Sure. It's fine.
He's just waking up.
Might be grouchy but it should be fine.
- We'll try.
- Wanna try?
- Hey.
- You wanna go?
Oh, yes.
Oh, my goodness.
Okay, ready? Look like it's your son.
So cute. Oh, my gosh, one more.
Okay, great. Thank you so much.
No problem.
- Texting...
- Embarrassing.
Why? I'm texting you this picture and
I want you to send it to Mo right away.
- What?
- Will you send them to Mo right away?
- You're right. There are a lot of babies.
- I know, right?
It's like every white mother
has a black baby.
- You'll be part of it.
- I'll be trendy.
- We'll be in fashion.
- Yeah.
It's great inspiration for Nasty Baby.
I'm gonna do what you are doing
Why do they do that?
- Is that what you're doing?
- No, I'm doing better. It's really hard.
- I'm sure it's hard.
- Do one. Do her. Do that.
- You're good. Yes, you're good.
- Good? Thanks.
- You wanna be part of the video?
- I thought it's just you.
- I'm gonna change it a little.
- Have more people?
- I think so.
- I'll do it.
- I can change it.
- I'll totally do it. For a few seconds.
- I got your text.
- I'm not gonna be naked.
Hey!
Mo!
- You got a text message.
- What?
- You got a text message!
I think it's important.
That's kind of cute, man.
Fucking morons.
What the fuck?
Yeah, that's hilarious. He's with Polly.
- Come on.
- I don't know.
That's... That's what he wrote back?
I don't know, eight episodes, I guess.
Dude, I saw Nick Cavett,
like, everything on YouTube.
Dick Cavett.
I always call him Nick Cavett.
Got a sale. Got a sale. Got a sale.
- Hey, what you got here?
- Got a sale.
- How much is this pot here?
- Five dollars.
- Five?
- One dollar.
- One dollar. Okay.
- What's your name?
- Polly.
- They call me the Bishop.
- The Bishop?
- Bishop, what's up?
- Everything is a dollar.
- Okay, she's gonna get the lamp.
- All right, that's a dollar.
- You want this lamp, right?
- That's great. Thank you.
- Pretty.
- I'm gonna get the pot.
- Not as pretty as you.
- That's... Thank you.
- You're gonna get the pot. A dollar.
- Okay. That's...
- Two dollars.
- Yeah. Yeah.
- Thank you.
- Thank you, Polly.
- Thank you, Bishop.
- Did I tell you my name was Bishop?
- Yes.
- See you around.
- Thank you very much.
- Goodbye.
- Have a good day.
- Dude, there's, like, bed bugs. I see them.
- Goodbye, Polly!
Bye. Bye. Thank you.
I think I have a new boyfriend.
- Do you like him?
- I should ask him for sperm.
- I'm kidding.
- Better than mine, sure.
Hello, Freddy.
Hey. How are you, Richard?
I'm okay. You're encouraging
bad behavior, both of you.
- I'm encouraging what?
- Bad behavior.
- What do you mean?
- Buying things from that man.
It encourages him.
- Why? Big deal.
- Yes. Okay.
- Do you like leaf blowers in the morning?
- Is he the leaf blower guy?
- He's the leaf blower guy.
- He's not.
He's my enemy. For real, like...
- I know.
- Take it back, get your money back.
- I'm gonna go get... I'm kidding.
- No, no.
- That's Wendy.
- This stove is disgusting.
- Wendy, Polly. Polly, Wendy.
- Hi.
- She's my new assistant.
- Oh, cool. Hello.
- Hi. Sorry.
- Yeah, no, it's okay. No? Okay.
Yup.
- How are you?
- Good.
- You biked?
- Yeah, I'm a little sweaty.
Hey, listen.
So Polly's gonna be part of Nasty Baby.
- What?
- Is that happening?
- It's happening.
- You really want me to do it?
- She's gonna do a baby.
- No, he wants me to, like, be in it.
- Are you doing it?
- I...
- Do you want me to...?
- Sorry.
- I'd love to... You know.
- We'll see.
Oh, it's Mo. It's Mo. It's Mo.
- Hey, babe.
- Hi.
- Hey.
- Yeah.
I mean, I'm feeling a little more open.
I don't wanna be...
like a self-absorbed freak
like Marina Abramovic or any...
Like, I don't want it to be about me.
Okay, I'm going to meet him now.
We're meeting each other now.
- Okay, be tactful and nice, okay?
- What do you think I'm gonna do?
- I'm...
- Be tactful?
- You're like the semen vampire.
- Oh, my God.
- Okay, I'm sorry.
- Stop. She...
- That sounds weird.
- It sounds cool.
So I'm thinking doing
the first, like, recordings...
- ...in that space there.
- Really? It seems a little too small.
- Bye.
So I think I'll do it here.
We'll put a blanket or something. Yeah?
Kind of self-explanatory.
Just do what you gotta do in here.
Be careful not to touch the inside
of the cup with your fingers.
And here we are.
Great. There you go.
This is so romantic.
Yes, well, use your imagination. Or phone.
- There's a skeleton.
- It's naked, sort of.
Thanks.
Polly, I need you. It's Angie.
Fuck.
Told her to keep the hood off.
Let it get some air.
- Are you okay?
- I'm fine.
Come on in here. Thank you.
Come, sit and wait for me.
Don't go anywhere.
We're talking.
Polly.
I just had a patient come in.
Can you just give it to Lois or something?
What happened?
- This is a nice necklace.
- Thank you. What happened?
You know what happened.
I'm sorry. Thank you.
Bye.
No way.
Freddy.
- Bishop!
- Freddy.
Let's go to the park.
Let's go. Let's go to the park.
- What?
- Let's go to the park and go for a run.
Can you get me my gloves, please?
Come on.
Be a good wife.
I'm gonna talk to this guy, man.
Bishop, what are you doing, man?
Hey, Bishop. Dude, what are you doing?
- Yo, what the fuck, man?
- Back up! Fucking faggot!
- You too.
- What the fuck is your problem, dude?
- Fucking asshole, man.
- Come on.
Makes me wanna fucking...
What you have to fucking do
is calm down. You're gonna be a dad.
That's the example you wanna set?
That you're freaking out?
What? You are gonna be a dad...
so don't jerk off
and eat a lot of pistachios today, man.
You ready for that? You're freaking out.
I'm ready for it. I'm not... No.
I'm as ready as I'm gonna be for it.
But seriously, you have to deal with that.
You know, you complain about your dad.
I mean, you need to deal
with your own anger management issues.
- Yeah, I'm trying.
- Well, you try harder.
- Can you give me a hand with this stuff?
- Yeah, sure. Right on.
- Chino.
- Can I get a hit?
Chino, come on, give me a hand with these.
I'll be right out.
Hey, I think Nico's here.
Straight in. Straight in.
Yo, I'm fine, man. Thanks.
- I'm good.
- I got you.
- Thanks.
Thanks.
Freddy, get that box and those.
- Okay.
- A real baby?
- Bye.
- Bye. I'll see you later.
- Have a good day.
- Let's talk about it.
- We'll talk about it.
- Do you want me to act?
- I want you to perform. I'll tell you later.
- Okay.
Mo knows everything about it.
See you later, man.
Nico, you don't wanna do Nasty Baby.
Hey! Hey! Now, where you going?
Hey, where you going?
Buzz him. Buzz him. Buzz him.
I don't know. What you talking about?
What you talking about?
Mom, gas stove.
Yo, Nasty. Yo.
Wait, no.
What are you doing?
That's a lot. Yeah.
No.
I don't how to exactly...
I just know the chorus.
True love will find you in the end
- You sing it with me.
- Okay.
- True love will find you in the end
- You'll find out just who...
I don't know. Are we out of tune?
Can you play louder?
Oh, yeah.
Don't be sad, I know...
- Little help. Little help?
- What?
Friend
What's going on?
I can't do it.
- What do you mean?
- Dude, I can't do this.
Why?
- Nothing's working. I can't get hard.
- It's gonna be weird.
No. It doesn't feel right.
It doesn't feel right.
- I thought I wanted to.
- Don't fuck with her mind.
It feels wrong. I'm not fucking
with her mind. It just feels wrong.
Okay.
- Maybe I'm gonna do it. I'll ask her.
- What?
I mean, since she's already here.
We'll just tell her
and we'll figure it out from there.
What?
I can't do it.
Okay, like, what do you mean?
- It doesn't feel right.
- Like, right now, or...?
It's kind of weird that I'm here.
- No, it's not.
- I'm one wall away.
He's just nervous. I think it's...
- Well, maybe you go in, and...
- It's the pressure.
That's what I thought
the help was for, but...
I know it's annoying.
- No, it's fine.
- It's fine?
I was thinking that maybe...
What if I do it? Do you want me to do it?
- How many times have we tried?
- Okay. Yeah, I know.
- But this is like the best day and...
- Yeah, I guess if I'm not getting...
Only if you want. It's not like
I'm gonna force you to have my semen.
No, I'm not... You're not forcing me.
I'm just very sorry, that's all.
You're being very nice.
- Why not, right?
- We're here.
Okay.
- You think I'm weird.
- No, no.
- Thank you.
- Yeah, no problem.
Have fun in there.
- I'm really sorry.
- It's okay.
I'm sorry too.
I didn't mean to get weird about it.
- It's a... Have that effect...
- Oh, wait. My mom's calling.
- Hi, Mama.
- Hello, my love.
- How you doing?
- I'm fine. How are you?
- Hi, Polly.
- Hi.
Oh, you're so sweet.
It's nice to meet you too.
And your father is very excited, Mo.
- Yeah?
- He's excited to meet Freddy.
And I've planned a nice dinner, yes?
That's great. That's big.
That's a big step.
- Yes.
- It's about time.
So you guys are...? You have the route?
You have your...
- Hey.
- We should be there around 6.
Cecilia, how are you?
Hi, Freddy. How you doing, baby?
I'm good. You're looking good.
Not bad for an old girl, huh?
- Yeah.
- That's right. Come on, let me hear it.
- See you... See you soon.
Bye.
All right, well, I'm expecting you guys
bright and early.
Yeah, actually,
we'll probably be there later.
Probably around 5 or 6.
Okay. All right. But just arrive alive,
that's the most important thing.
- Okay, Mom.
- All right, baby.
- Bye.
- Bye-bye.
Hey, hey, hey. Come on, come on.
Come forward. Come forward.
Come on, come forward.
Hello, Mama.
How did it go?
I dumped it.
You guys can have the rest for dessert.
You dumped it out? What? You didn't do it?
No, I didn't.
What's the point? It's not gonna work.
We've used yours five times.
I don't think you guys understand.
It's not the putting it in,
it's the disappointment every month.
Like, getting the rejection, saying that
it's negative every fucking month.
It's, like, I just...
I came here tonight,
I thought this was gonna work.
And your sperm tested so well
and I was so excited.
I was like, "Okay, finally,
we're fucking doing it."
It's not a decision to be made lightly.
- I know. Well, then...
- It's my life too. It affects my life too.
- Yours isn't working. I'm sorry, it's not.
- No, that I know.
It's not like, "Let's keep trying.
Let's keep trying."
This is... I don't have,
like, a lot of time.
- I understand, Polly.
- You don't understand.
- I do. Sorry.
- You don't, Freddy. You don't.
Hey.
Right, I'm sorry. I'm just gonna go.
Good night.
Polly. Polly. Polly.
You like that lamp, right?
Yeah. Excuse me.
No. You threw it out, Polly.
Oh, no, I didn't throw it out.
I just couldn't carry it.
I picked it up off the street.
Don't lie.
No need to lie.
Sorry.
- Why you gonna lie?
- Calm down, please.
You're a pretty girl, Polly. Why you
be hanging outwith them faggots?
- Master Bishop.
- Oh, here comes one now.
Why do you keep invading
this young lady's space?
- Shut up, you old faggot.
- Stop.
- You're always crossing boundaries.
- Old-school faggot.
People have boundaries. Run along.
- Bye-bye.
- Good night, Polly.
- Bye.
- Good night.
I'm sorry about that.
He's harmless, but he's a pain in the ass.
- Are you okay?
- Yeah.
I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
How's the baby thing coming along?
Good. Yeah, it's good.
It's wonderful
that they're gonna have a baby.
And you'll make it happen.
In my day, we were, like,
fairies or pansies. We couldn't even...
- Nobody'd like a pansy to have a baby.
- I have to go. Sorry. I have to go.
- I understand.
- Thank you though.
Scoot safely.
What the fuck?
Babe.
What are you doing?
Don't watch that.
I'm sorry. This is disgusting.
- This is not good for you.
- It's not good for me at all.
- It's not healthy.
- I know, I know.
Dude, I promise, like, I'm over it.
I'd much rather a little Mo
than a little Freddy.
Dude, look at that. Come on.
Fuck that.
Whatever it is, it won't be that.
Dude, this motherfucker.
I'm gonna call 311.
Like, it's enough. Honestly.
- You can try.
- Okay.
Hello, and thank you for calling 311
in New York City.
We're here to help.
If this is an emergency,
please hang up and dial 911.
- Today...
- Hey, just come to bed.
Yeah.
...and parking meter rules are in effect.
Tomorrow. Tuesday.
Alternate side parking
and parking meter rules in effect.
It's Sula.
- I can't. I'm not in the mood.
- You had it there for a second.
- You just...
- The setup is fucking weird.
And Sula, like, look.
Just, Sula, leave.
Call it a day.
Find out those prices in Bushwick.
- I don't want anything too expensive.
- I'll call the guy.
These are so cute.
It doesn't look like you anymore.
What is that supposed to mean?
Oh, I didn't mean it like that.
You're cute in a different way now.
Hey.
- Hello, guys.
- Hey.
Happy birthday.
- Oh, yeah.
- Whose birthday party?
It's my birthday party.
- Happy birthday.
- Thank you.
- Hey, hey, hey.
- Sweetest thing.
- You see that?
- I did see it.
Read the inscription.
"Do you feel the cake coming at you?"
Dude, please come.
Feel it coming at you. It's weird.
It was an accident.
It's not that I planned it.
- You see it?
- Oh, yeah, yeah.
Hey, Polly. Hey, Polly.
Polly, Polly.
Hey, let me help you.
- No, I don't need any help.
- I can help.
- I don't need any help.
- We friends.
- We're not friends.
- Let me get it. I got it.
- What are you doing? Get off me!
- Come on, Polly. I'm trying to help.
- What are you doing? Get away!
- I'm helping you.
- What is wrong with you?
- I was helping.
- Are you okay?
- Yeah.
- Do you need anything?
- No, I'm okay. Thanks.
Fuck.
Okay, Chino, we're gonna go find him.
- No, what? Why?
- He's probably somewhere...
two blocks away, parking cars,
harassing other women, fuck that.
- Can I stay?
- No, Chino, come on.
Fucking get up. Come with me.
- I think that's not smart.
- Yeah.
- It's not... I'm not gonna get into a fistfight.
- All right. Okay.
Yeah, I'm gonna come too. We'll go...
We'll go get him.
- There's more people there.
- They probably live there.
He's always by himself.
Hey. Hello?
- Hi. Good night.
- What you want?
- Is the Bishop here?
- What?
- Is the Bishop here? The Bishop.
- No. Who are you?
- Oh, I'm a neighbor.
- I've never seen you around here.
- Get the fuck out of here.
- Lady, calm down.
- Do you live here? Is he here?
- I'm here. Yeah. No.
He did something wrong.
I could call the police...
- ...but I came to talk to him.
- No police.
No police. Yes.
So can you please call him?
- Is he here?
- Yeah. I'll call him.
- Get the fuck out of here.
- Is he here or not?
- No, he's not here. Go.
- Freddy, let's go.
There are more people.
They're staring at us.
What is it?
- Oh, good job.
- What is that?
- A blender.
- What the hell?
- Oh, man.
- Oh, my God.
- Happy birthday, Mo.
No, this is a fucking Festool.
It's the best...
- Stink bombs.
- Yeah!
- Where the fuck did you get this from?
- He's like, "I have 25 cents.
- "I'm gonna get a stink bomb."
- What do I get?"
Guys, make sure you use the napkins.
Use the napkins.
- No, because then it'll get everywhere.
- On the hand.
Yeah, coming out of his belly.
It's like a horse.
- You don't want...
- No, no, no. Don't light that.
Don't smoke. It's bad for your sperm.
Polly, give him a break. Is it really bad?
- Yeah, it is, but maybe tomorrow.
- It's my sperm's birthday too.
- Well, how would you ever know?
- No, because it looks like that.
A knight.
- Look at that.
- Yeah, okay.
Okay, let's chill.
Oh, dude. Why don't we go throw
the stink bombs to the Bishop?
Hey, stop that.
Why don't we go throw the stink bombs
to the Bishop's place?
- Come on.
- I... We can't go.
- Mo, you into it? I'll totally do it.
- It's fine.
This is revenge, doing this for you.
- For real?
- Shut up. Fuck.
- Come on.
- Let's enjoy the revenge.
- There's nothing to enjoy.
- Come on, don't lie. You like this idea.
This is gonna be crazy.
- Is he putting it inside?
- Gonna get...
One, two, three.
Fuck that.
Oh, my God.
What the...? Oh, hell, no.
What the...?
Oh, my gosh. That's a kid. There's a kid.
- No, Mommy!
- Oh, my gosh. Freddy.
- All of you, just shut up!
- Get that kid out of here!
There's a fucking kid. That is not cool.
What the hell did you do?
- Oh, my God!
- This...
This is fucked up.
- Yeah, it's not that funny.
- No, it's not funny.
- I'm leaving. I don't like this.
- Wait.
- Are you really leaving?
- I don't wanna hear.
Good night.
- Hey, guys, what's up?
- Hey, man.
- How was it?
- Not so good.
Throwing that stink bomb, that...
Hey, guys, you can stay.
Like, for real, stay.
We're gonna go to bed, but stay.
- No, no, no.
- No, for real.
- I mean it.
- Okay.
Can you sing it for us?
Sure.
- You don't have to.
- Yeah.
- I don't think...
- Try it.
No, I don't wanna fuck it up.
I got it.
- You fucked it up.
- I fucked it up.
No.
- Do you know how to start it?
- No, I haven't done it. I'll try again.
Oh, yes. Yeah. I can do that.
I can get that. I can get that.
Babe, what are you doing?
Hey, come back!
- What the fuck is your problem?
- Hey! Get out of the way!
Hey, hey, hey!
Here, here, here!
Hey!
- What the fuck is your problem?
- What's going on?
- He stopped me from cleaning!
- No, he harassed my friend sexually.
Wait. What, sexually harassed?
I saw him with a leaf blower.
What is he sexually harassing?
- He harassed my friend.
- I didn't harass nobody!
Bishop, take a minute. You know me.
Take a minute. Chill out. Chill out.
What's going on?
This man sexually harassed our friend.
- She was walking and he grabbed her.
- Negro!
Okay, Bishop. Bishop.
- Okay, take a minute. Hold on.
- What the fuck?
What else?
Why did you take the leaf blower?
The leaf blowing is, like, every morning.
- I call 311. It's not legal before 8 a.m.
- Nobody cares about that.
- He's assaulting people on the street.
- Okay.
Those fucking bitches threw
a fucking bomb in my apartment!
- Oh, yes, you fucking did!
- Terrorists! Osama bin Laden!
- Yes, I did hear you, ma'am. Calm down.
- It was a stink bomb. It's a joke thing.
Okay, I don't wanna hear anymore
about bombs.
I don't want you
to be blowing this leaf blower.
Now, take a walk. Go down the street.
Take your girlfriend with you.
- There's a fucking kid in there.
- I know. Go on with him.
- That's okay to get in your face?
- No.
- He's not dealing with a full deck.
- You arrest him.
- He just threatened you with...
- He's crazy. Everybody knows he's crazy.
So if you try to press charges...
all they gonna do is put him
in a crazy house, let him out in days.
But listen to me. That house
where he's staying at is gonna be sold.
He's gonna be out of here. Nothing
you can do because his mom is a judge.
- Oh, good.
- Judge Judy.
- We don't need any sarcasm.
- So your mommy's a judge...
- ...then you can be a criminal?
- I'm bringing up a point.
- He's up on DeKalb attacking people.
- Happens every week.
Something needs to be done.
He's crazy, put him in a crazy...
He's gonna be okay. I'll talk to him.
Thank you, officer. Thank you.
I'd say every five hours.
- Five hours?
- Yeah, pour a little bit.
The cactus as well?
Like, every plant is the same?
- Cactus, you don't need to do anything.
- Chino, the second one is C?
- C?
- The second one, yeah.
- Then you go to E minor.
- Okay.
Come on!
So, what is this again?
You don't have to worry about that.
Do me a favor.
When you get about 50miles out,
call to tell me everything's all right.
- Not having any problems.
- I will. Okay. See you.
- Safe journey to all of you.
- Thanks for the ride, Richard.
My ex-boyfriend wanted to go
to my country house.
Wouldn't allow me,
neighbors weren't cool with it.
- Are you serious?
- Yeah. I got into a huge fight.
And then I'm like, "Listen,
when you think of me and my boyfriend...
you just go like this:
'Cock, asshole. Cock, asshole."'
My mom said, "Oh, my God. He knows."
- You said that to your mom?
- I went like this:
Your mom did not say "he knows."
No, she did not say "he knows," but...
They were amused.
- "He knows."
Okay, I don't want you guys to think
this is weird...
but I brought my kit with me
because I'm ovulating today.
- You're ovulating again?
- Yes. Not again.
You always say "again"
like I'm ovulating every day.
You're like a chicken or something.
- Can we listen to some music?
- Yeah, play that song.
- This is the song that I'm learning.
- "True Love Will Find You In the End."
In the end.
Hi, Mommy.
- How are you?
- I'm fine.
- Hey, everybody. They're here.
- Gosh, they're here.
- This is Polly.
- Jeremiah.
- Hi. Polly.
- Nice to meet you.
- Mo-Mo.
- Good to see you.
Oh, Jeremiah. How are you?
Good to see you. Good to see you again.
- Oh, my God. Look at you.
- That's all right.
- How are you?
- Haven't seen you in so long.
- I know, I just...
- You look good.
- Yeah.
- This is Freddy.
It's a pleasure. Freddy.
Nice to meet you, finally.
Oh, this looks great.
- Sorry. I'm sorry.
- That's good.
All right. There.
Put the potatoes here, sweetie.
Then we all ran
because we didn't want to be beaten.
And then we hid in the woods.
We actually got lost in the woods.
- Yeah, and I went crazy.
- Are you still close with your cousins?
- Yeah, I talk to Howard.
- My cousin's one of my best friends ever.
I... And if the timing of this works out,
it would be so nice to have...
Because you're due very soon, you know.
They could grow up, be the same age.
It would be so nice.
- Yeah.
- I like that idea.
You guys are in New York,
so it's gonna be a little bit hard...
to, like, get them together.
- Yeah.
- It wouldn't be that hard.
I have cousins that don't live...
- Yeah, we could come here.
- How often do you come, Mo?
I'm here now. I come often...
If I had a kid and you had a kid,
we would come.
If I had a kid? I'm having this kid.
Mine is not a mystery.
- The children can play. Sounds so nice.
- You don't look so excited...
- I'm excited.
- ...about the idea.
- What? Do I not look excited?
- No.
I just... Okay. Well, you guys are trying it
out in a different way, you know.
Maybe there's a reason it hasn't happened.
- That's all I'm saying.
- Babe.
What? "Babe" what? Don't "babe" me.
What is...? What does that mean?
I mean, like...
- I don't know what I mean.
- What do you mean by it?
You do know what you mean.
I mean, how...?
Like, how is this thing gonna work?
How are you guys gonna...?
Maybe this is really...
Maybe this is really normal in New York...
- Why can't you just be supportive?
- I have been nothing but supportive.
But this isn't...
This isn't one of your little schemes...
like you moving off to the big city
and, you know, deciding you're gay and...
I mean, this is a kid.
You're bringing a child into the world.
They're bringing a child into a world
with three parents that love that child.
I can assure you, a mom and a dad
does not create that all the time.
I've seen situations
where kids have a mom and a dad...
and the mom's an alcoholic or the dad,
like, beats up the mom. I mean...
- Nobody is talking ab...
- I'm talking about that, though.
My point is
that there's no normal situation at all.
Reggie, don't go.
What we're trying to say is that it's not...
You don't need a mom and a dad...
but you need a loving mom or a loving dad.
- It's more about how they are.
- That's...
Lowest voice you can.
- Yeah. A wish.
- Make a wish, baby.
- A baby.
- A baby, a baby.
- Twins.
- Yeah.
And then as a consequence,
I was pissed off.
- An annoyed little child.
- You're holding a pair of sunglasses.
- You're so adorable, your face.
- I looked pretty cool.
- There's Amy.
- Mo, look at you there with that dog.
- Look at your white boots.
- I know. Yes.
- Oh, my God. I can't take it.
- That's my favorite.
Mo. I want one. I want one...
that's half of that and half of me.
Mo. We want it.
Oh, no.
- Come on, Mo, put it in.
- Come on, do it. Do it.
- Mo, you're so cute and sweet.
- Mo.
Mo, we would make such beautiful
little friendly creatures.
All right, let's do it.
Really?
- Yeah, let's do it.
- Like right now?
- Yeah, right now.
- Like I go get my kit right now?
- Yeah, do it.
- Yeah.
- Are you serious?
- Go get it. Come on.
- My gosh. Before he changes his mind.
- Before I change every part of my mind.
- Gross.
- My gosh.
I'm gonna get you started.
Dude, she's so excited.
Are you serious, you wanna do it?
- Yeah.
- Don't fucking get cold feet now.
Did you already start?
- It's... It happened. You missed it.
- No.
Just rub yourself
against that wet spot and...
Okay, babe.
It's all good.
Okay.
Listen, this is very serious.
You know what this means.
Yes.
- And don't contaminate the specimen.
- We won't.
Okay, hold it.
Easy, easy, easy.
You're good?
Yeah.
It's warm.
Polly, just do it.
You need help?
Let me help you.
- Do you wanna hold my legs up?
- Yeah. Hold on, one second.
Yeah, lift me up.
- Wait.
- And come that way.
Okay, we have to think
positive thoughts...
and tell the sperm to go right to the egg.
Yeah. Babe, show her the picture.
With you and the dog.
That one.
Oh, my God.
Wait, wait. Hold it.
Oh, shit.
- Good night, kids.
- Good night, sexy.
Good night.
Good vibes, you guys.
Good job, babe.
Thank you.
- Thank you.
- Oh, thank you.
- Come to New York, you promise?
- Promise.
- Cross your fingers.
- Yeah.
- Fingers are crossed, the prayers are up.
- Okay, thank you. Bye.
Nice to meet you.
Thank you so much. Come to New York.
Goodbye, sweetie.
- Take care of yourself.
- I will.
Bye-bye.
- Can I make a left here?
- Yeah.
- Good night.
- Bye.
Okay, bye.
You can go. I'm good.
Me too. Go.
Okay.
Oh, what the fuck?
- What the fuck is that?
- Is that human shit?
- Someone took a shit on our stoop.
- Smells like it.
Under fucking light.
How bad is that?
Oh, it's so humiliating.
- Just come to bed.
- I wish I could.
I feel unclean.
Babe.
What? Okay.
- Good luck at the gallery.
- Thank you.
Thank you.
- Hi, excuse me.
- Hello.
Hi. Are you guys set up?
We have a meeting with Marcus.
- Wendy, come check this out.
- Yeah.
- Oh, I love it.
- It's crazy, right?
- Okay, let's go.
- No, you love this stuff.
- You love Michael. You have to.
- Hurry up.
Make sure it's in focus.
- Hey. Hello.
- Hey, you guys.
- How are you guys? Great.
- Ready.
You wanna get the lights, Jesse?
Thank you.
Do you wanna hit the space bar?
- Yeah.
- Okay.
Let's hit it.
- This is gonna be working?
- Yeah.
Okay.
Yeah.
No. That part is so good.
Wait. One second.
Okay, okay.
- It's her, yeah.
- Who is that?
It's my friend Polly.
The friend that I told you
that I was trying to have a baby with.
- Yeah. And then Wendy was there.
- Yeah.
That's...
- You don't wanna finish it?
- No. We will. Can you hit the lights?
Look, but...
Yeah, hit the lights, Jesse. Thank you.
- You don't like it?
- No, I do. I like it.
- Yeah?
- Yeah. It's different.
Yeah, it's different than what we thought.
- It's a lot different.
- I thought that it was...
it would be more compelling for people
at the gallery, maybe have a little stage.
- Okay.
- Down... Like down below the...
Space is... It's a group show.
- So people wi...
- But we'll put it to the Oracle.
But is it gonna be part of it?
Well, I've gotta let the... I ca...
I don't make those decisions.
The Oracle makes those.
What do you mean? Who is the Oracle?
Are you teasing me?
No. I really don't know
who you're talking about.
Come here.
Go first.
You didn't like it, did you?
You... What's going on?
I'm a bit surprised, it's different.
But this is where the decisions are made.
What do you mean?
- That's the Oracle?
- This is.
I mean, we light the candles.
We sit with a question.
Okay? In our hearts.
Marcus, you really are not being serious.
- Are you kidding?
- What do you mean? How...?
How are you gonna consult to that
whether I can be in the show or not?
- Don't be tense.
- Okay.
- Questions...
- This is weird. I don't get it.
Don't be tense.
The questions are asked
and the answers come.
But then how does the Oracle
answer to your question?
Freddy, the answers come.
Okay?
It's not okay. I don't get it.
Did you study Greek or Latin ever?
Have you ever gone to high school?
I went to high school.
You don't need to get sassy.
- Sassy?
- Yeah.
Little cuteness party is sassy.
That video is sassy.
There's nothing personal about it.
You talked to me
about honesty and embarrassment...
a short while ago in your place.
You opened up something to me
and you... You were blushing.
- You blushing seeing that?
- I'm blushing with this Oracle.
- Honestly...
- Oh, you shouldn't say that.
Maybe we should... We could go.
I'm sorry, it's so weird, I don't get it.
You don't have to. That's the point.
- It has nothing to do with the intellect...
- Yeah.
...and being cute and having all your
friends have a fucking slumber party.
Excuse me. Okay? This is not Picasso Baby.
- This is not a...
- Don't compare me with Picasso Baby.
What do you have
all those people for, Freddy?
- We'll leave, you consult...
- No.
- No. I'm not... I'm through.
- Okay.
- Thank you.
- Thanks.
Thanks.
Fucking asshole, dude.
I don't know. Let's just go.
Hey, Chino.
- Hey, what are you doing here?
- Hi. Is Mo here?
Yeah, he's in the office.
Mo. Hi.
I'll be right back.
- Hey.
- Hi.
- What's up?
- I'm coming by...
because I just...
I found out that I am...
Oh, my gosh. Thank you so much.
Does Freddy know?
No, I haven't told him.
I wanted to come here...
and tell you first in person.
And just make sure that it's okay...
and we're okay
and I have your permission...
- My permission?
- ...to move forward.
I wanted to tell you in person.
So you're sure, okay? We're good?
- Yeah. Yes.
- Okay.
What's going on?
- I'm pregnant. We're pregnant.
- What?
- That's amazing.
- Yeah. High-five.
- Sorry.
- I'm pregnant, careful.
Let's go to the roof.
- Think that was legit?
- I don't know. I don't know. I just...
- Yeah, I don't know, Freddy.
- What do you mean?
I just like... I don't know, I don't think
you handled that the best way.
What? That was the proper attitude.
The guy didn't even watch
30 seconds of the video.
- We worked so hard on that.
- Exactly. We should've waited.
- Excuse me, are you Jewish?
- No. No, I'm not.
- No.
- Are you sure you're not Jewish?
- Are you a lesbian?
- Freddy, dude.
- No, dude.
- Why?
- Yeah, exactly.
- Okay, sorry.
- What the hell was that?
- Hey, Wendy.
- Nico, hey. What's up?
- Hey, what's up, man?
Hey, you guys wanna come to a barbecue?
- Yeah. You want...?
- I'm not into it.
- Okay. I'm gonna go.
- Come on.
- Polly, wait. You're leaving?
- Yeah.
- Okay.
- All right, see you.
- Hey, what's up?
- Hi.
How are you?
What happened?
It was just humiliating.
I'll tell you later. What's going on?
Well, I have bad news too.
It didn't work.
No. But listen, I'm...
I'm ovulating right now.
So I'm thinking we try it again tonight.
I'm so upset.
Yeah, why don't you talk to Mo about it?
Yeah, I think it's possible. You just...
- Yeah, just talk to him.
- All right. Well, I'll see you tonight.
- Okay.
- Okay. Bye.
- What did he say?
- That I sound upset.
He had a bad day at the gallery today.
Which will make this even better
when we give him the good news.
Hey, guys.
Oh, hell, no!
Hell, no!
You know who this man is?
This man is a fucking faggot!
- Go outside.
- He's your cousin...
but he sucks dick and takes it in the ass.
Escape this fucking faggot.
Run away from this faggot.
Okay, I'm cool. I'm chilling out.
I just wanna tell you something.
The man is a terrorist.
Shut the fuck up, man!
Yeah, I'm not having a good day!
You're not having a good day?
- Stop taking it in the ass!
- Go outside.
You'll have a better day.
Osama Bin Cocksucker!
No, no, you go outside.
- Fuck you, man. Fuck off!
- Fucking faggot!
- No talk like that.
- You gonna throw me out?
I come in here every day
and you throw me out?
Excuse me, sir, watch out for the faggots.
They're all around here.
Faggots are running crazy.
Yo.
You pitching or catching?
Shut the fuck up, dude. Back off.
Hey.
Dick sucker.
What? What?
Yo, man.
Yo, Bishop?
Fuck.
- Fuck.
- Easy, easy.
- Motherfucker.
Okay.
Fuck.
- Oh, my... Fuck.
- I'm gonna throw up.
I'm gonna throw up.
I'm fucked up. I'm all fucked up.
Help me out, dude.
I'm all fucked up.
You're good, man.
We're... You're gonna be good.
Stay here.
I'm okay.
Hello, and thank you for calling 311
in New York City.
If this is an emergency, please dial 911.
Cocksucker.
Cool it, dude.
No, man. Fuck!
Oh, fuck.
Oh, my God.
Help me.
- Come with me.
- Help me.
I'm bleeding. I'm bleeding.
Help me. Oh, my God.
Will you help me?
No, no, no.
No.
- No.
- Fuck. Fuck.
- What happened?
- I fucked up.
- What is that noise?
- What...?
- It was an accident.
- Freddy, what happened?
- I fucked up. It was not my fault.
My God. Freddy, what happened?
I was walking and then he started outside.
- Okay, okay, okay.
- And he was following me.
Okay. It's okay. It's okay.
- Polly, no.
- Watch out.
- Polly.
- No, leave him.
Motherfucker.
What happened?
Did you call 911 or an ambulance?
Call somebody.
- I tried calling...
- No, wait, don't.
What happened?
Oh, fuck.
- Breathe. Just breathe.
- What the fuck is this?
Freddy, explain.
How did he get in the house?
- I don't know.
- Tell us what happened.
I was coming back, all right? And then...
As I was up here,
he cursed at me and then...
he started, like, following me and then...
- And he...
- It's okay, it's okay. Okay, okay, okay.
- I was defending myself.
- I know you were. It was an accident.
It's okay, it's okay. It's okay.
- Motherfucker!
- Calm down. It's okay.
Look, he's not gonna...
We're gonna call the cops, tell them.
- You cannot call the police.
- We're calling the police.
- People are gonna hear.
- He's gonna get deported...
- ...you're pregnant. We're not calling.
- What?
- What the fuck? You're pregnant?
- I found out today.
- No.
- It's okay. It's okay.
- No, it's okay. Listen, listen, listen.
We're gonna fix this, okay?
We should call the police.
Can you just shut him up?
- What are you doing?
Freddy, what? What are you doing?
Please don't.
I'm sorry, man.
- I'm sorry.
- Stay here, don't call anybody.
Hold him.
- Get the fuck out! Get the fuck out!
- Get out!
Oh, my God.
Oh, my...
Fuck.
Oh, fuck.
No. Dude, what the fuck?
Oh, my God.
- It's okay. It's okay.
- Oh, my God. Fuck.
Oh, Polly.
It was an accident.
We'll fix it. It's okay.
- Breathe, okay?
- I killed him.
Breathe, okay? Just breathe.
Hey.
- What are we gonna do?
- Sorry. I'm so sorry.
It's okay. It's okay.
It was an accident, okay?
You were defending yourself.
It was an accident.
Oh, fuck.
Fuck. Fuck.
Fuck.
My God.
You guys, what are we gonna do?
What the fuck?
What are we gonna do, guys? Fuck.
- I'm so sorry.
- Oh, my God.
I'm sorry.
Who is that? Freddy. Freddy.
Leave!
Leave the house!
What's your problem, man? I need to pee.
Leave! Don't go in the bathroom!
- Fuck. Fuck.
- I told you, man.
- What the fuck happened?
- Calm down.
Sit here.
Yeah.
Close your eyes. Close your eyes!
It's okay, it's okay, it's okay.
It's okay, it's okay.
How...? How...? How did this...?
He was defending himself, okay?
It was an accident.
It's okay. Just breathe.
Okay? Just breathe.
- We have to get him out of here.
- Yeah. How?
Don't... Fuck.
Sit down.
- Who is it?
- Just sit down.
- Fuck.
- What?
- Dude, it's Richard. He saw me.
- Fuck!
- Fucking great.
- Maybe he needs something.
- I'm just gonna go...
- Okay, just...
Fuck.
I need to go out. He's gonna keep on...
He saw me.
- Wait, clean up.
- Don't go down.
You've got blood all over you.
- Okay.
- Just tell him we're having dinner.
Tell him we're in the middle of something.
- Hey, how are you, man?
- How are you?
I'm good. What's going on?
No. What is going on?
Nothing. But it's... It's really late.
Freddy, I saw Bishop come up the steps.
What's going on?
Freddy, come on. Let's get real.
What's wrong?
Oh, my God.
Don't look. Turn around.
You go first.
Tell us, what's the talk of the nation?
Might be a big one, a national story
you've been following for weeks.
Because your name's on the pulse. Also...
Be careful.
Freddy, there is a light switch on
the left side of the wall. I'll be right back.
One, two...
Get away.
- You're still playing with it.
- I'm fat.
- No.
- No, you're still playing with it.
- I'm Michael Feinstein.
- I'll look out.
My guest today
is singer-songwriter, Ryan Bingham.
His sound echoes
the rough and rugged life he's led...
but his journey borders on the magical.
While working as a rodeo rider,
he took up songwriting...
in his after-hours.
Released albums that caught the ear
of legendary producer, T Bone Burnett...
who was producing the soundtrack
to the Jeff Bridges film Crazy Heart.
The rest is Grammy-Oscar-winning history.
Ryan Bingham, welcome to Song Travels.
- Thank you very much.
- I really appreciate you being here.
I think your work is rather extraordinary
because it's a combination of...
What was that?
What?
Can I stay here, please? Can I sleep here?
- What?
- Can I sleep here?
What's going on?
Polly.
What the fuck is this?
- What is that?
- Chino brought them.
He gave them to me.
Fucking creeped me out.
These are... Are old prewar...
Give me one second.
Is it 14, 15 that lives
on the second floor or...?
That's something I have to actually check.
Aina.
- Hey, guys. Hi.
- Hey.
- Good morning.
- Who's here?
How you doing?
- Hey, Arthur.
- Artie, look who's here.
- It's Uncle Freddy.
- What's up, amigo? How you doing?
- God, he's, like, growing a beard.
- Hi.
- Look at that.
- I know. He's getting so big so fast.
- Where are you guys heading?
- To get coffee.
- Yeah, we're gonna go to Smooch.
- Where's Isaac? Is he back yet?
Yeah, he got back late. Had a long trip,
just passed out. We're just out walking.
You look sleepy.
Yeah. We didn't really sleep.
- Yeah.
- Really?
I... Well...
- That's great.
- Yeah.
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org